Manual.md, before:

# Manual to the Hanken Corpus of Academic Written English for Economics

## Citing the Hanken Corpus

	@Misc{HankenCorpus,
	title  = "Hanken Corpus of Academic Written English for Economics 0.9",
	author = "Martti Mäkinen and Turo Hiltunen",
	year   = "2017",
	url    = "https://github.com/dcrhc20/HankenCorpus" 
	}

## References

Hiltunen, T., & Mäkinen, M. (2014). Formulaic Language in Economics Papers: Comparing Novice and Published Writing. In M. Gotti, & D. S. Giannoni (Eds.), *Corpus Analysis for Descriptive and Pedagogical Purposes: ESP Perspectives*. (pp. 347-368). (Linguistic Insights; Vol. 200). Bern: Peter Lang. 

Mäkinen, M., & Hiltunen, T. (2016). Creating a corpus of student writing in economics: structure and representativeness. In M. J. López Couso, B. Méndez Naya, P. Núñez Pertejo, & I. Palacios Martínez (Eds.), *Corpus linguistics on the move: Exploring and understanding English through corpora*. (pp. 41-58). (Language and computers: Studies in Practical Linguistics). Amsterdam: Rodopi. DOI: 10.1163/9789004321342_004

Commit message:

Added some information about the two corpus flavours.

Manual.md, after:

# Manual to the Hanken Corpus of Academic Written English for Economics

The folders *Plain* and *Tagged* contain the two flavours of the corpus: the plain text version and the CLAWS5-tagged version.

## Citing the Hanken Corpus

	@Misc{HankenCorpus,
	title  = "Hanken Corpus of Academic Written English for Economics 0.9",
	author = "Martti Mäkinen and Turo Hiltunen",
	year   = "2017",
	url    = "https://github.com/dcrhc20/HankenCorpus" 
	}

## References

Hiltunen, T., & Mäkinen, M. (2014). Formulaic Language in Economics Papers: Comparing Novice and Published Writing. In M. Gotti, & D. S. Giannoni (Eds.), *Corpus Analysis for Descriptive and Pedagogical Purposes: ESP Perspectives*. (pp. 347-368). (Linguistic Insights; Vol. 200). Bern: Peter Lang. 

Mäkinen, M., & Hiltunen, T. (2016). Creating a corpus of student writing in economics: structure and representativeness. In M. J. López Couso, B. Méndez Naya, P. Núñez Pertejo, & I. Palacios Martínez (Eds.), *Corpus linguistics on the move: Exploring and understanding English through corpora*. (pp. 41-58). (Language and computers: Studies in Practical Linguistics). Amsterdam: Rodopi. DOI: 10.1163/9789004321342_004
